BrowserSync allows some number of people to syncronize inputs across their machines. Theoretically, the only limit is the strength of your machine and bandwidth. It can be used for watching the same thing with friends, while ensuring that any of you can pause the video or navigate elsewhere without having to speak up and ask for control. Since any user can take control at any point, any machine failing does not prevent the remaining machines from continuing on as normal. Simply press f9, and your machine will grab control (this functionality can be turned off by switching the allowtransfer boolean in main.go). If multiple people press f9 near simultaneously, the one who goes last is the one who ultimately gets control. If the network enters a weird state where there are multiple leaders, pressing f9 again should solve it by converting everyone who wasn't on board and getting every machine on the same page. 

Currently, this only works over LAN as I haven't implemented NAT traversal. The main weakness is that everyone who wants to be in a session needs to be there at the start, as there is no way to add machines while the program is running. Everyone needs to manually add everyone else from the command line while initializing the program, which means that it should be very difficult for a malicious actor to gain access to the session- they would have to message everyone their IP and have them all agree to add them to the session. If they could do that, they could probably gain access to your machine in a much more direct manner than hoping you type something you shouldn't while watching youtube with you. That said, DO NOT RUN THIS PROGRAM WITH PEOPLE YOU DON'T COMPLETELY TRUST. You also should not log into any accounts while it's up and you're the leader. If you do, you'll be logging into your own account on everyone's machines simultaneously, and I haven't yet encrypted the traffic, so anyone watching the network will probably be able to see everything you type. This is not nearly as much of an issue if you use only this for the intended purpose and close it once you're finished- people really would only be able to piece together the name of a youtube video and a couple left clicks. Finally, hotkeys don't yet work and there are some minor issues that pop up when connecting with machines with too different of a display size. While the relative places that you click on the screen will be the same as the program can correct for that, many websites subtly shift their elements on different displays and I can't account for that.
